update changelog. skyux upgrade. (#282)
blackbaud/skyux-forms: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.20.1 (2021-07-16)

> - Fixed the selection box component to properly disable after init. [#280](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-forms/pull/280)

Reviewer: Might just be me, but as written, this sounds like we've updated the component to always disable selection boxes after they initialize. I think a slightly longer changelog entry might be clearer here.
 ```suggestion
- Fixed the selection box component to properly style selection boxes that are disabled after initialization. [#280](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-forms/pull/280)
```
